[VOICE OVER] Let’s explore four of
the more common types of attacks
that cybercriminals like to use.
One of the most common and deadliest
methods of attack, as far as a user is
concerned, is a phishing attack.
In this type of attack, a hacker sends an
email that appears to be legitimate with
the goal of gaining personal information or
influencing you to do something.
Often, they attempt to alarm you, making you
believe that there is a serious situation you
need to take care of right away.
Once you take the action they want, the hacker
gains entry into your organization’s network and
from there can access all the card information.
A second type of attack uses ransomware, which
is a type of malware that scrambles the data
in computer files and makes them unreadable.
It can spread to all the devices and files across
a network and denies access until a ransom is paid.
Ransomware is often installed on systems by
opening attachments or links that are contained
in malicious email messages.
It can also be installed by interacting with
malicious pop-up windows in your internet
browser or connecting unknown flash drives or
other devices to your system.
A third way hackers like to target you is
through the free Wi-Fi that is commonly
found and easily accessible in many locations,
such as airports, libraries, and coffee shops.
Public Wi-Fi is dangerous because it is typically
unsecured, and hackers are able to easily steal
your data as it travels over the
establishment's connection.
This means that anyone within range can see
everything you’re doing online if they have
the right software.
This includes the websites you visit, texts
and emails you send out, and your username and
password for anything you access.
The fourth type of attack goes after the
information on the card itself.
The bad guys use a physical device called a
skimmer to steal credit card data.
It could occur at an ATM, a gas station fuel pump,
or even your local supermarket or restaurant.
When a credit card is swiped through a skimmer,
the device captures and stores the information
from the magnetic stripe.
This includes the card number, expiration date,
and the cardholder's full name.
Bad guys can then use this information to create
fraudulent credit cards.